what's up youtube this is galactic God
and I'm coming at you now with the full
tally of everything we were able to pull
from our case of return of the duelists
so what I'm going to do is basically
just kind of go over every hollow card
that we were able to pick up from all
the packs from all 12 boxes in the case
so I'm gonna go ahead and get started
right away so first off we're gonna
start with I guess the monsters alright
so we had not one not two but three of
the blue dragon ninja noble knight I'm
going one two three four five six six of
this guy
mr. promo card himself how could we be
so lucky I don't know we just are now
madolche Madalyn a 1 2 3 4 so just four
of them got a grip of gleams but you
know only two is embarrassing me for the
module chase alright the gear armor we
got 1 2 3 4 so where looks like we're
averaging closer to 4 for most supers
for illusionist snatcher we got 1 2 3 4
5 so not too bad uh some pools here
temperance of prophecy now normally
we've been pulling like what 4 5 or you
know even six of the supers we got
padang two of them just to I don't even
understand out of the whole case that's
one out of every six boxes crazy alright
so for the the madolche pudding princess
we have one ultra two ultra and then one
ultimate so just three of them it's a
full playset so I guess that's kind of
cool but I was really kind of hoping for
a little bit more I'm selling the two
ultras and then I guess has a lot of you
guys know I keep the Ultimates for
myself out of the cases I now see we go
into prophecy destroyer we got one two
of the ultras and then one of the
Ultimates as well so only a playset of
these as well I'm gonna sell these ones
or trade them or whatever and then I'm
gonna keep the ultimate for myself for a
spellbook magician of prophecy we have
one two three four of the old dress and
then 1/2 of the
ultimate for silver Sentinel we have one
to just do two of the ultras pretty cool
looking and then two of The Ultimates
very cool this guy looks really awesome
as ultimate okay for the High Priestess
of prophecy we pulled just one of them
pretty cool though it's pretty awesome
to pull and then the force for ransom we
pulled two of them both out of the first
and the last box of the case very cool
kind of symmetrical I guess you could
say for our case opening pretty neat
though I actually pulled a grand soil
out of the first pack that I open from
the case too so that was pretty awesome
alright so imma go quickly through the
spell there's not a whole lot of these
forgot about revenge we got one two
three four so four got a revenge for a
spell book of life we have just to my
some of the supers we really didn't get
too many of and the other ones like you
know when we pulled like a grip up we
got two of the ultra spell book of
secrets and then one of the ultimate one
spirit converter secret rare advanced
dark secret rare we just got one of them
two copies of advanced zone seeker rare
and then 2 copies of miracle contact
secret rare very cool so that's a lot of
our secrets were in the super range
alright so for the traps we have avoid
travel times 1 2 3 4 5 5 void truffles
and then rebound we have 4 of I so
that's gonna do it for the spells traps
and monsters and now we're going into
the exceeds all right so for sword
breaker we have 1 2 3 4 4 sword breakers
we have alchemic magician 1 2 3 4 5 6 6
of her very cool she actually looks
really neat to go out they are working
this one even the holographic of it is
kind of kind of cool-looking
fork anomaly crystal chrononaut we have
one two three four five it's just five
of them pretty cool for soul of the
silver mountain this artwork looks way
awesome I really like this one
alright you got one two three four of
them so pretty cool for a
superdimensional robot galaxy destroyer
we got one two three four four the zubur
demential robot galaxy destroyer
alright now for we got one two of the
ultras and then two of the ultimate it's
really cool number 91 Thunder spark
dragon we got one two three four of the
ultras I am NOT to this guy an ultra
rare form and then two of The Ultimates
for number 33 chronomaly machu mech
Metsu Metsu mech if i mean saying that
remotely correctly we got two of the
ultras and then one of the ultimate for
a heroic champion Excalibur we picked up
to the old stress and then of course one
of the ultimate rare really neat I'm
sorry not all tomatoes am i calling it
something I thought this is ghost row we
can't pick up any Ultimates just one
ghost red though pretty cool and then we
got number six chronomaly add lent lent
yes I say that right I know I'm still
reading upside down we picked up two of
them this guy's actually really cool I
think I'm gonna keep both of them and
then finally we just got one of the gear
X's out my girlfriend actually pulled
this in our I guess case opening our
second box opening challenge rivers who
got the best box it's the only one that
we pulled out of the whole case so one
out of every 12 boxes is the average for
this guy
so that guess that's it this is
everything we were able to pull from our
case pretty decent I think I we pulled a
good number of really good cards out of
here would have wished for maybe at
least one or two more the gear X's but
what can you do you can't get them all
the time
in the comment section below make sure
you let me know how you think we did out
of our case opening and I guess that's
it for now
this is glad to god out